a baby after 27 days of criticism and confidence
it is the encounter of a strong team pressure with the frontality that pt is time for
the game and that everything that happens in the field will be reflected in the
bleachers avoid christmas
that's what matters most
a spark just have a big blast my family this is a bad
decision
the victory striker the country
pdb saw
March failure impresses us most
seven minutes later images of the south meet again
but only in the attack many of them said he
penalty
without delgobert charges two to zero wins
the cauldron transport
- Messi is a dream away from the first goal and also secured the other
rooney side would have sought to commit that pilot
I think the team has to come with everything controlled by the government because everything
world
del piero in the section I realized that it is because it is open
the second goal of them left in falsifying factory only 3 to 0
no ball on the beam and private
ball on beam with others
Nothing that excites excitement fan is now the imitation of fossati in the
lawn entry points by gustavo johanson
red card for the defender
Suspended cycle the memorandum police 2 21 mark by the palm trees
3 to 1
difficult to ignore is the move and that none of this left him left a
wine we had this if at the exit of landmarks
four to one
the first time ends for some is a game that ends up for other guys
death and at the symbolic burial of the protests against the president of the
Let's go there club mustafa contursi
tomorrow in the second half the palm trees returned even more moribund no being
live can stop the violence of the neighbors of Ceará
unmarked
he brand
5 to 1 in the win
fans broke into the field
I have to grab the net.
complain when he still has to organize the defense he guides
looks beautiful
it's not an opinion
coming on to hit the corner that Marcelo Aleixo deviate slightly
feliz aniversario
the collections of these belt faults makes the second goal of the palm trees
now I have not been more impressive
ball thrown to martyr
landmarks in braga
It's the fourth album
7 to 2 victory
the night could not finish worse the goalkeeper five-time champion or pro palm
it's no use
think that I'm going to take the field against the other day, what happened is high then
I came to help you here, everyone is as small as we are now, as if
became habitual
first because depending on the operator entering the maranhão and the river worries me
neither dead nor premier in the game back the Paulista team must win by three
goals difference before that on Saturday the palms of marconi debut
in the brazilian championship
of the second division